c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\x-rater.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\x-rater.pdb
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\obj\Debug\x-rater.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\obj\Debug\x-rater.dll
c:\users\s.harchenko\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater\obj\Debug\x-rater.pdb
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\x-rater.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\x-rater.pdb
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\obj\Debug\x-rater.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\obj\Debug\x-rater.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\obj\Debug\x-rater.pdb
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\x-rater.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\x-rater.pdb
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\BusinessLayer.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Models.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\WebInfrastructure.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\BusinessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Models.pdb
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\WebInfrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\obj\Debug\x-rater.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\obj\Debug\x-rater.dll
C:\Users\s.harchenko\Documents\GitHub\x-rater\x-rater-cabinet\obj\Debug\x-rater.pdb
